Sidecar for MacOS Catalina is a really fine feature.  It allows you to use your ipad as an external display.  
This makes for great flexibilty, if you have an ipad already.  If you don't have an ipad it is not such a fine feature. 
The finder in my OS system Catalina is so easy to use, you dont need to really know anything about computers.  
The click of a button and you can search so many ways. Even if you a new to technology you can do it.
I can't forget about the dock, it is one of my favorite features, you can add the most used items to your dock.  
It is very easy to remove items from the dock you no longer need.  It is just always there ready to have you click what you need.
Assignment 6: Operating Systems
Michelle Douvris


Part 1:
macOSCatalina: Home operating system- Owned by Apple Inc, run by CEO Tim Cook. OS Catalina and other mac operating systems versions are made only for mac devices. 
The apps and programs for macOS are designed specifically for mac OS.  The current version of macOS is Catalina.  I find that mac OS is a much easier user-friendly 
system.  I think as a basic or new user it is much easier to navigate the macOS.  I also think that the ability to have shared access and the same things across 
multiple mac devices makes it much better than windows.  I have also found the security on Apple OS to be much better overall.  


Windows: Work operating system-
Owned by Microsoft Inc, run by CEO Satya Nadella. Windows operating systems versions are designed for PC’s from many various companies.  The apps and programs for 
windows are designed to work on various company’s PC’s.  The current version is windows 10.  I find that windows is a much less user-friendly system.  I think as 
a basic or new user it is much harder to navigate Windows.  I notice that for workplaces the go to OS is Windows, I am not sure why that is.  It sounds like there 
is easier functionality for network set ups.  I have found that security is not as strong on Windows and you needs additional security programs.

Part 2:
Home Operating System:
  


Part 3:
Accessibility:


I do not currently use any of the accessibility features in my laptop oerating system.  I could see using the “Zoom” fuction in order to help my eyesight.  I have 
that accessibility function set on my mom’s computer because she has trouble seeing the screen and she is not very good at using shortcut keys for instructions.  

The features seem reasonable to accommodate different situations people may be in if it is temporary or long term.  My thought is that you would potentially still 
need someone else to set up the features for you before you could utilize them.  I haven’t set up a new computer in over 10 years so I don’t remember the steps 
but it would be nice if when the computer powered on for the first time it asked if accessibility features needed to be used and could be set up by voice control 
or keyboard.



Github:

 
